~~~Reaction Adjustment~~~

Wait, you thought Charisma was a dump stat?

---But what is it?---
You may have noticed at some point the stat "Reaction Adj." on your character sheet. This is the stat that allows you to influence people's 
opinion of you. Theres multiple reasons as to why this mechanic is underused. There is little to no information about it in the PHB, the
"Hackmaster" approach to table top gaming and in the DMG it uses a pre-THAC0 wargame style table. (Do a quick search for "Warhammer
Toughness Chart" if you don't know what I'm on about) Add to the mix that the mechanic is supposed to be kept hidden from the player and
you have the recipe for a mechanic that DMs never employ and players never know to ask for. The part where this falls apart is that 
players were expected to negotiate out of a good number of encounters which then requires the DM to fudge a massive number of rolls to 
minimize death from attrition. 3rd edition AD&D and later tried to alleviate this problem by adding Bluff and Diplomacy checks. Problem 
with these is that they directly interfere with actual roleplaying due to the "But my charactersheet and dice said I pass" problem and 
devolves into, "I crit so they believe everything I say" which only gets nastier as players inevitably start using Bluff checks on each 
other. But whats my solution? Tell the players how it works and encourage them to abuse the system.

---So how does it work---
Reaction Adjustment serves two purposes. The first less common one is to avoid being suprised due to chance encounter. Basically if two
parties bump into each other accidentally its your save to not be surprised. 

The second method is to adjust an opposing parties disposition. The best use for this is to open up conversation to then avoid a battle. To 
do this elect a negotiator to try and placate the enemy warband. The roll is already calculated on your sheet, just roll above the number.
Success means that you can change the enemy's disposition by one position. Failure means it moves in the opposite of the intended position.
These are the broad dispositions as described by the DMG:

Friendly/Fearful <---> Indifferent <---> Cautious <---> Hostile <---> Confident <---> Over Confident

This can mean that a hostile set of Orcs can be made cautious and open up a negotiation or Confident Drow can be made over confident
to then lure them into a trap. Some enemies can never be made Friendly, they will always become fearful instead. You do not need to speak
the enemy's language to make a reaction adjustment but if you can't you won't be able to follow up with a negotiation. You can only adjust
reaction once but Bards, some Clerics and Spells can move the disposition even more. This makes Bards expert negotiators because they
have the ability to make any Hostile warband become Indifferent or Overconfident, both are some of the best situations. To increase your 
reaction adjustment the best way is with a high Charisma. Dexterity adds some as well, but only at high scores. (+1 at 13 Cha and +1 at
16 Dex) Protip: You can be clever and infuence two third parties into fighting eachother or working together.

---Torsvik's Challonge---
Get a Bard and a Cleric of Reueherr in a party to make a team of unstoppable negotiators. Try to do an all pacifist run. Bonus points if 
you can sit down for a nice chat with an adventure boss. Double bonus if you can convince him to give up some treasure.
