Bahamut LG: Golden God of Dragons

Holy Symbol: "Ancient" Scale of a True Red Dragon
Major Spheres: Protection, Guardian, Law
Minor Spheres: Charm, Sun, Summoning
Favored Weapon: Gaff, hook, harpoon, trident,
Facored Aromor: Scale

As a member of the oldest state religion your beliefs stand with the founding principles of the kingdom. Freedom from tyrany, perserverence
and to uphold law backed by a strong moral fibre are your aims.  A point of difficulty is that preservation of holy objects is often 
held above the well being of the people. A faithful washipper of Bahamut would not think twice about booting a farmer off his land
if that land was on a holy site. Keep in mind you are the only state recognized church that worships an inhuman god, you consider
your practices above the state and humanity. Bahamut guided your people to freedom before and he wont forget you if you stay faithful.
Members of the clergy dress with a piscine theme, scale mail and a cassis crista helm. Remember, "The Gold Dragon Protects".

Many people nowadays feel that the Church of Bahamut should be preceeded with the word "Esoteric" The worship of Bahamut is the official 
state religion and its practices predate the kingdoms of Rhunefaust. As the state religion they commonly play the role of tax collectors
aided by how prolific they are. That alone would irratate most pesants but add to that the fact that many of the clergy have been
known to develop Gold Sickness. They are also ethical hardliners, not as strict as Strafherr their position as official law keepers
gains the contempt of the populace. It is a well kept secret that all ranking members of the clergy suffer from gold sickness. If
you are a member of the clergy you must keep it secret, if you reveal it you will be excommunicated, dishonourably discharged as
you are no longer mentaly able to perform your duties and possibly executed for treason if you intentionally revealed the church's 
secret and dismissed as insane.