Calandra CG: Goddess of Humanity

Holy Item: Stone Axe Head
Major Spheres: Summoning, Plant, Animal
Minor Spheres: Healing, Necromantic, Weather
Favored Weapon:Shortbow, longbow, hand axe
Favored Armor: Hide

While the four brothers of law bicker, the sisters of fortune fight, the twins of civilization sit around building models and Leuchtag
lights things on fire, Calandra was guiding humanity. Calandra is the patron diety of humanity. The gods exist as constucts who gain 
power from the desires and emotions of all creatures so Calandra created humanity to form a symbiotic relationship. The emotions
of men feed the gods and the gods inturn grant powers to the faithful. The faithful of Calandra promotes the preservation of mankind
(and demihumans if it proves to be beneficial). Clergy have a no nonsense, just go out and help people mentality. She is also the reason
men cannot stand being held in any form of captivity. She has created a constant drive for independence and dominance because the
only way humanity can guarentee its perpetuation is through asserting themselvs in the world. Clergy members of Calandra have a great
love of members of Tyr's clergy. They tend to form duos that run around performing good deeds and fighting off evil.

Many people have realized that there is a direct religous conflict in Rhunfaust. There is a church that represents humanity and its
independence but the state supported church worships a dragon. Most laugh and shrug it off as an odd oxymoron but higher members of
the church don't take the situation as lightly. The church has plans to orchestrate a coup against the church of Bahamut. They do
however act with tact as Bahamut is the state sponsored god and its worshippers are known to be zealotous. As it is still to the benefit
of humanity they choose to get along with members of the church but they're not against spreading seeds of doubt. Calandra drove
men from their caves, guided them to freedom from the elves, sewed the seeds of rebellion against dragons and one day mankind will
conduct the affairs of the world.