Cisa CG: Goddess of Fortune

Holy Item: A Two-Faced Gold Coin.
Major Spheres: Chaos, Travelers, Divination
Minor Spheres: Sun, Combat, Numbers
Favored Weapon: Javelin, Main-Gauche, partisan, ranseur, sap, sling, cutlass, improvised
Favored Armor: Coin Mail (AC 6)
	
Cisa is the patron diety of adventurers, gamblers and all other forms of risk takers. She is depicted as a golden haired women, clad
in gold armour, heavily adorned in jewlery and gold. She does whatever to stack the odds in her favor. Trying to force luck as she
does is very difficult especially when compared to the miracles her sister produces. The two commonly get into fights as Cisa slowly
increases the entropy of the universe. Hina accuses her of being near sighted and that forcing good fortune will lead to devistation.
Never the less she is a far more popular diety as the miracle works she performs are less impressive it doesn't come with the caveat
of the ominous "Unforseen consequences". The faithful do have a strong code of ethics. Their methods may be seen as cheating, especially
in the case of a supposedly fair game of chance, so they only use their powers against evil races. Generally greedy, how much wealth 
you accumulate directly corrolates to Cisa's favor. Keep in mind though, the faithful love the accumulation of wealth. They are neither
miserly nor would they put someone in harms way for profit. They do however love any gamble and adventure, gladly tagging along with
and party with atleast neutral intentions. Bonus points for forming the Ilmura, Tyr, Calandra and Cisa for all of your good hearted, 
high-adventure, zelot fun.

Festivals for Cisa are practiced with feasts, singing and church run horse races. Unlike their sister religion, the clergy of Cisa are not safe from the down falls 
of playing with fate. There are very real reprocussions to their actions. Its not unknown for a cleric to cast a spell
and the build up of poor fortune is released all at once. This has been known permenently curse nearby individuals to have poor luck
for the rest of their lives. The church provides services to aid thses individual and attempt to cure them, often times requireing 
extensive donations from patrons. The Hina clergy never fails to remind Cisa worshippers of when once several clergymen gambled to raise
donations, creating a plague of cursed commoners. 
