Ilmura NG

	Goddess of farming.
	Major Spheres: Plant, Sun, Weather
	Minor Spheres: Divination, Summoning, Charm
	Favored Weapon: Sickle, sling, flail footman, Bill, fauchard, guisarme, millitary fork, trident light crossbow and improvised
	Favored Armour: Brigadine (usually home modified leather armor)


	Faithful worshippers and Clerics see themselves as protectors of the weak and helpless as a farmer who tends his crops. A cleric of Ilmura will never start a fight nor harm a sentient creature that isn't a threat. They strongly value personalities of fortitude, tolerance and indutriousness, prefering those who would rather burden a problem themselvs and only asking for help when they cannot complete the task themselves.

	Ilmura is the diety of farms and feasts and is revered every Festag. She is described as an excepionally tall woman dressed dressed in seasonal colours and foilage of timely crops. She is fair skinned with long red hair and smells of crops relevant to the season (fresh Kale in Spring, Peppercorn in Summer, Sweet Potato in Autmn and mustard and honey in Winter) During her Festival and during some Festags, especially after a bountiful crop, a celebration is held where a woman matching her description is found and acts as host to the feast, being placed on a 4 foot high chair. During the festival she take requests for blessings from the towns people in exchange for their praise. This tradition originates from the belief that Ilmura makes an apperance in one village every Festag as a traveling mortal Red heads are uncommon in Rhunefaust so its not rare for small towns to send someone to larger cities to play the role of the goddess.


Makabel LN

	God of Death
	Major Spheres:Necromancy,Protection,Astral
	Minor Spheres:Summoning,Healing,Combat
	Favored Weapon: Bastard Sword, Zweihander, Broad Sword, longsword
	Farvored Armor: Any Plate with a cloak draped over

	Makabel is the diety of death and is most known for his role of escorting the dead to the afterlife after he has been summoned by performing last rights. Makabel is a large, imposing and mute figure. He is commonly depicted fully armoured with a cloak draped over his armou and a tabard that lacks a family crest. Makabel's skelatal face is only ever exposed in graveyards which usually features several statues of him. Graveyards are commonly refered as "Makabel's Gardens" where he removes his helmet so he can watch over his land.

	Clerics and the faithful to Makabel see life as suffering and death as release. They have come to terms with their mortality and commonly come off as morbid because of their casual approach to death. Worshippers recognize Makabel as the diety who decideds when people get to die, because of this they avoid killing whenever possible. A cleric will always stay his hand if he belives his next strike will kill his opponent. Concerning ressurection, the cleric beseeches Makabel and asks him if it was the appropriate time form the deceased to die, the result fortelling his decision. They consider magical resurection, resurection performed by another god or undeath to be a cardinal sin. Members of the clergy undergo a ceremony on Makabel's holy day where they are given a blessed tattoo on the shoulder that activates upon the persons deat. The blessing give the person a few moments of undeath where they can perform their own last rights. Every festival the tattoo is expanded upon. Experienced members will have a large intricate tattoo expanding as far as their feet.

Leuchtag TN

	God of Fire
	Major Shperes: Elemental Fire,Sun, Healing
	Minor Spheres: Chaos, Wards, Law, Necromantic, Summoning
	Favored Weapon: Staff, staff sling
	Favored Armor:Leather

Strafeherr LN

	God of Punishment
	Major Spheres: Law, Charm, Thought
	Minor Spheres: Healing, Protection, Combat
	Favored Weapon: Battle Axe, Chain, Mancatcher, Net, Spetum, scourge, whip
	Favored Armor: Spiked Leather and Helm

Tyr LG

	God of War
	Major Spheres: Combat, War, Travelers
	Minor Spheres: Healing, Divination, Summoning
	Favored Weapon: Composite Longbow, Composite Shortbow, Parrying Dagger, flail horseman, Heavy Horse Lance, Jousting Lance, Light Horse Lance, Medium Horse Lance,  Halberd, long spear, rapier, warhammer
	Favored Armor: Full Plate

Bahamut LG

	God of Dragons
	Major Spheres: Protection, Guardian, Law
	Minor Spheres: Charm, Sun, Summoning
	Favored Weapon: Gaff, hook, harpoon, trident,
	Facored Aromor: Scale

Hina CE

	Goddess of Misfortune
	Major Spheres: Chaos, Healing, Necromantic
	Minor Sphere: Protection, Wards, Divination
	Favored Weapon: Blowgun, dart, bola, caltrop, Dagger, knife, Main-Gauche, Sap
	Favored Armor: Cloth

Reueherr LG

	God of Forgivness
	Major Spheres: Protection, Wards, Guardian
	Minor Spheres:Law, Healing, Charm
	Favored Weapon: Lasso, Club, Mancatcher, Net, sap
	FAvored Armor: Chain

Calandra CG

	Goddess of Humanity
	Major Spheres: Summoning, Plant, Animal
	Minor Spheres: Healing, Necromantic, Weather
	Favored Weapon:Shortbow, longbow, hand axe
	Favored Armor: Hide

Cisa CG

	Goddess of Fortune
	Major Spheres: Chaos, Travelers, Divination
	Minor Spheres: Sun, Combat, Numbers
	Favored Weapon: Javelin, Main-Gauche, partisan, ranseur, sap, sling, cutlass, improvised
	Favored Armor: Coin Mail (AC 6)

Gerdora LG

	Goddess of Civilization
	Major Spheres: Wards, Charm, Numbers
	Minor Spheres: Elemental, Law, Protection
	Favored Weapon: Heavy Crossbow, Bardiche, Musket
	Favored Armor: Cuirass and Lobster Tail Helm (AC 6) 

Kolsten LG

	God of Labor
	Major Spheres: Numbers, Creation, Time
	Minor Spheres: Elemental, Law, Healing
	Favored Weapon: Club, Morning Star, Sap, sling, Pistol
	Favored Armor: Leather
