Gerdora LG: Goddess of Civics

Holy Item: A Deed or Contract
Major Spheres: Wards, Charm, Numbers
Minor Spheres: Elemental, Law, Protection
Favored Weapon: Heavy Crossbow, Bardiche, Musket
Favored Armor: Cuirass and Lobster Tail Helm (AC 6) 

Gerdora along with her twin brother Kolsten make up the gods of civilization. She is depicted in a variety of ways due to the large
variety of professions she represents. In all cases she is shown being stern with long black hair, tied to keep out of her work,
and always engrossed in her work. She is the patron diety to all non labour work including law, banking, magic and military service.
She acts as the stalwart guard of cities town and the roads between them. The clergy, like herself, have a generall dislike for the 
wilderness. The wilderness is like a wild animal, it lashes out and should be domseticated for the use of humanity. Though their home
is made in metropolitian areas, the clergy often move to more rural areas. Their goal to expand the reach of cities by ensuring villages
flourish into towns and towns into cities. This often includes pushing through the woods a rooting out native bands of Orc, Goblins,
etc. Gerdora has a slightly corse relationship with Ilmura. Though they have similar goals, Ilmura can't help but feel patronized
when her farms are referred to as young cities. Make a note that Gerdora is only the administrator, she represents a plethora of
gods and goddesses that each represent a profession. These gods usuall have simple, ominous names based on their profession such
as a Goddess of the postal service named Deliverence.

The past 30 years have been taxing on the clergy of Gerdora. They have been highly desired in the conquest into the jungles.
Many well respected and high ranking members have been lost including 4 Cardinals. Its hard for members of the church to deny service
to these bases as it may well be one of the greatest expansions mankind has attempted and they are grossly needed. The clergy have
slowly begun to lothe the kingdom for forcing them into what is for them, an irrefusable course of action. All the same, the churches
of Gerdora are slowly looking more and more barren, alter boys being forced into holding morning services and their last pastor was
sent overseas.