Hina CE: Goddess of Misfortune

Holy Symbol: A silver coin with one burned side.
Major Spheres: Chaos, Healing, Necromantic
Minor Sphere: Protection, Wards, Divination
Favored Weapon: Blowgun, dart, bola, caltrop, Dagger, knife, Main-Gauche, Sap
Favored Armor: Cloth

The faithful of Hina recognize the Zero-Sum nature of the universe. For every positive event there must be a negative event. You
kill inorder to eat and to gain money you must take it from someone else. Not necessarily with evil intent, the clergy are evil by
nature. Recognition of Zero-Sum allows them to cast very powerful spells but with the caviat that the inverse must occur somewhere.
Most people who are severely down on their luck turn to Hina for aid, usually people in a situation where they would give anything
in exchange for help. A common exchange would look like this, "Commoner 1 has a deathly sick son, she donates everything she owns 
for the curch to cure her son. Elsewhere Commoner A prays for the luck to win back his money to pay off his debts. Shortly after he
wins the lottery but also contracts a deadly illness". Its part of the job of the clergy to actually dissuade people from taking 
their aid to minimize regrettable, rash decisions. Paladins play a unique role. They are called Plague Bearers and completely conceal
themselves beneath a set of Plate Armour. In an attempt by the curch to provide a service these paladins accept the diseases that
are cured. They never recieve the negatives of these diseases but they will live the rest of their lives afflicted. As paladins level 
up they adorn themselves in progressively more wreathes of flowers to hide the smell of their ill bodies.

Hina is celebrated at festivals with a feast and extensive ceremonial dance featuring a large amount of spinning. As a cleric to
progresses in level, Hina provides them more insight to the nature of the universe. Low level clerics teng to have "halucinations"
of the same event happening twice in two diffrent ways. They see the multiple outcomes of events and at higher levels it becomes much
more frequent and vivid. Events that take only a few seconds to occur may repeat for minutes for a high level cleric making the cleric's
progressively less stable. The ceremonial dance supposivly helps relive high level clerics of their visions.