~~~So, you're a human from Rhunefaust~~~
Citizens of the Faustic kingdom believe in a few things. Good industry, good parties and good mustaches. The calender is composed of a 10 day week, each day denotes what labor your to do. 3 workdays, a day for rest and menial chores, 4 more days of labor (the last is often optional overtime) a day for shopping and capped off with Festag, a general celebration and feast dedicated to your hard work. Religion does play and integral role but many citizens are not exceptionally religious. Church attendance, tithes, and ceremony isn't expected of you but its often times considered disrespectful if the non faithful attend the celebratory festivals. You are ruled by King Trogden II and has been king since his father slew the king of red dragons over 200 years ago. Said war was so devastating that many nobles became peasants and vice versa. This has made the Faustic people very interested in their own history. Many venture into the ruins of the Kreigwald in the hopes of some lost heirloom that proves their noble heritage. Nobles also often hire adventurers and pay big money to collect additional proof of their lineage and further cement or improve their position. A bust of your war hero great grandfather also makes for a good conversation starter. Faustics have developed a difficult relationship with foreigners. On one side the kingdom heavily relies on trade to maintain their status as a nation, independent from the elves. At the same time Faustics have developed a level of xenophobia from elven harassment. Its common to hear the story, "Two old friends, a Faustic and an Waead, sit in a bar. After a good joke about beards the Waead reaches in his coat for a pipe. The Faustic reaches for his sword." Many dislike this stand offish nature but, Faustics have it with due cause. The Lumiere empire to the east has continually harassed your country since the day of its independence with sleeper agents. Some revealing themselves after decades of infiltration. Many children grew up on the story "Two men walk home after a day of hard work and a night of drinking. One turns to the other inebriated, 'Robert, its amazing. How are you not married? I've worked with you for 15 years and I swear its as if you haven't aged a day' The next day Robert tells the town guard that they were accosted in the night by Drow, taking his dear friend away. " You hold a similar fear of wood elves, they are unpredictable and violent. Rhunefaust is quickly becoming very multinational in their stand against the High Elves. Dwarves have been long term allies and citizens and recently a necromancer gained state recognition and the Orcs have been highly considered for similar status.

~~~A Short History of Rhunefaust~~~
Before you had a home you were slaves to the high elves. Sigismund Faust led your people West into dragon territory because the elves could not conquer the dragon lands. You were then subjugated by the dragons and used as pawns in their squabbles. Many years later Trogden I began a rebellion against the dragons, there was a schism between rebels and those who were well treated or feared the dragons recognized now as traitors. Trogden I slew the son of the king of red dragons and then the king himself. Slaying the king of red dragons had cataclysmic results. His powerful magical body tor apart the barrier between the planes, condemning one of the largest forests to become the Sylvia Tempesta. The body of Trogden was never recovered and his son went on to lead the country, naming it after the first leader who sought independence. Recently, the wall dividing yours and the eastern empire was compromised and there has been a sudden increase in Drow activity.