Kolsten LG: God of Labor

Holy Item: Groma
Major Spheres: Numbers, Creation, Time
Minor Spheres: Elemental, Law, Healing
Favored Weapon: Club, Morning Star, Sap, sling, Pistol
Favored Armor: Leather

Kolsten along with his twin sister Gerdora make up the gods of civilization. He is depicted in a variety of ways due to the large
variety of professions he represents. In all cases he is shown being stern with long black hair, pulled into a ponytail,
a thick walrus moustache and always engrossed in his work. He is the patron diety to all labour work including mining, lumbering 
and construction. He acts as the stalwart guard of worksites and, to an extent, service industries such as bars. You can guarentee 
that no one causes trouble if they see a tipsy paladin of Kolsten sitting at the counter. The faithful of Kolsten represent some 
of the main traits of the Faustic people, industrious, good natured, well moustached and if theres no work to be done, probably full
of liquor. Many non Dwarven foriegners wonder how people could worship a god of such menial duties but the faithful to Kolsten take
great pride in their work. They see themselves as the foundation and unsung heroes of the kingdom. Though their home is on the worksite
its not too odd to see them adventuring. As a member of the clergy it is your job to makesure the work force can oporate in peace.
That often means entering the wilderness and stopping trouble before it happens. Make a note that Kolsten is only the foreman, he 
represents a plethora of gods and goddesses that each represent a profession. These gods usuall have simple, ominous names based 
on their profession such as the god of waterway maintainence named The Dredge.

The colonization in the jungles have severly hurt Kolsten's twin sister's religion. They don't commony speak about it but they have 
lost nearly 60% of their clergy. Members of Kolstens faith have been largely supportive and have a tendency to get drunk and speak 
out against the king. In communities with a high number of Kolsten worshippers its become common to dedicate most Festags to Gerdora.
