Leuchtag TN: God of Fire

Holy Symbol: An Everburning Staff
Major Shperes: Elemental Fire,Sun, Healing
Minor Spheres: Chaos, Wards, Law, Necromantic, Summoning
Favored Weapon: Staff, staff sling
Favored Armor:Leather

The clerics of Leuchtag are an enigmatic group. Stuck between their strong sense of duty and pyromanic tendencies. Much like fire 
themselves they arepowerful forces for good but if left unchecked they become chaotic and destructive. Low level clerics wear this 
leather armours, the armour they woreas initiates before they were immune to heat. More experienced members of the clergy will wear 
chain and the highest ranking members will wear plate,using their abilities to super heat their armour. All clergy members keep a 
burning staff on hand and must keep it lit at all times. The design of thesestaves will vary from curch to curch, ranging from gnarled 
burining staves to imperial lamposts. The clergy's primary intention is to heal people, constantly repressing the need to burn things. 
Its often not known outside your curch but it is an act of great shame if a fire gets out of hand and harms someone you had intended 
to protect.

Many people don't know what to think of your god, he seems unpredictable and dangerous. Leuchtag maintains a neutrality second only 
to druids. He heals the wounds of an evil man just as quickly as he may set fire to a barn. Leuchtag is depicted as a bearded middle 
aged man dressed in treated leather armour. Whenever he is depicted he is shown in a wide variety of positions and hand gestures, 
all with diffrent meaning that only the faithful usually recognise. On his holy day his curch is seen as a nusence, they set fire 
to a patch of nearby forest and refuse to put it out due to its holy nature. Only higher ranking members of the clergy will know 
that the intention of this celebration is to make sure the average citizen is prepared to deal with such a natural disaster without 
Leuchtag's help. Keep in mind, to Leuchtag, even a smoldering campire is more holy than the largest conjured fire.