Straffherr LN: God of Punishment

Holy Symbol: A Blessed Book of Law
Major Spheres: Law, Charm, Thought
Minor Spheres: Healing, Protection, Combat
Favored Weapon: Battle Axe, Chain, Man-catcher, Net, Septum, scourge, whip
Favored Armor: Spiked Leather and Helm

Though they don't appreciate the verbiage, the faithful of Strafherr are regarded as draconian. Their methods are stern and harsh. This comes from their beliefs about justice. They feel that a man who has committed some crime cannot apologize because a man would convince himself that he has repented and so the only true means of absolution is through physical pain. Neither party acts with evil intent. It is as difficult for the sinner to admit his guilt as it would be to place your hand on a burning stove. The cleric also gains no joy from flagellating the sinner, he is simply executing a procedure. They consider it a sort of "Surgery for the soul". Clerics dress in a very imposing manner, leather covered in studs that have been sharped to a point armed with whips and man-catchers. Clergymen generally wear uniforms and conceal their faces, both as a sign of respect and as a safety precaution. Not everyone appreciates being absolved of their sins so concealing the identities of the clergy is considered a safe practice.

Strafherr is the second youngest of four brothers. Time has caused him to become more jaded than his younger brother, Reueherr god of forgiveness, but hasn't given up the pursuit of justice as his older brother, Tyr god of war, has. Strafherr provides a very important function in Rhunefaust, its common that if you accept punishment from a clergyman of Strafherr that it can take the place of a prison sentence, but keep in mind, the punishments he provides are brutal and may result in a very painful death. Death during absolution means that the sins of the soul were too great for the body to bear. Many people also seek solace in his punishment. Members of the church often times feel relief after paying for their sins in a very tangible way and even non members arrive seeking a clean slate.