Tyr LN: God of War

Holy Item: All military awards and decorations have been blessed. (Must have earned at least one)
Major Spheres: Combat, War, Travelers
Minor Spheres: Healing, Divination, Summoning
Favored Weapon: Composite Longbow, Composite Shortbow, Parrying Dagger, flail horseman, Heavy Horse Lance, Jousting Lance, Light Horse Lance, Medium Horse Lance,  Halberd, long spear, rapier, warhammer
Favored Armor: Full Plate

Compared to the overbearing ways of Reueherr, the strict methods of Straffherr or the disturbing practices of the unspoken eldest brother, Tyr is a very well liked and sociable god. He and his faithful are boisterous and loud, drinking deep from the chalice of life. The faithful of Tyr have a general pleasant disposition that conceals a more grim belief. Those who follow Tyr believe that men are unlawful by nature and that the only way to find true law is on the battlefield, far away from politicians and corrupt law enforcement. Only when a man's life is threatened is his true nature revealed. This is why the faithful to Tyr emphasize etiquette and honor, the unspoken agreements of a man at war. Your life is short and disposable, but not to be wasted. The faithful to Tyr are brutal, unrelenting and cunning in battle. You and your battle brothers are all cogs in the military warmachine.

It may be surprising to hear that when not on the warpath, the clergy of Tyr spend their time writing poetry, making art and engaging in philosophical debate. The commandments of Tyr are intentionally vague and open to discussion. A common debate would be, "Is it honorable to conduct a surprise attack knowing it would save lives?" It also commonly surprises people to find that the clergy of Tyr hate war. In their opinion, no soldier chooses war. He is sent to war by his countrymen and lords who will never lift a sword in their lives, much less have one pointed at their throat. You may not be able to stop the horrors of war, but you can try to make them less horrible.